We're almost coming to an end of our journey.
It's been such a pleasure to be with you in this journey and we definitely learned a lot along the way.
We discovered the amazing world of spring and spring boot.
We kept digging into the fundamentals of spring family such as spring data Spring last spring and we
see a much more.
We of course didn't stop there and discovered more awesome components that we can use within our applications
in the extras section those included spring actuator swagger spring male with time wave and many more
of course spring Pamelor keeps growing each and every day and we shouldn't be stopping here to as a
result of a Walwyn cloud technologies and more and more enterprises moving into the cloud.
Spring became one of the most fundamental elements of cloud and label systems with its widely accepted
and growing cloud native offerings.
Spring is by far the number one choice for nearly all the enterprises around the world
thinking about the biggest showcases of sprinkle out native visibility.
Netflix the company behind your favorite TV shows and movies offers these amazing experiences by the
platform they built around spraying Twitter.
The hugely popular micro-blogging social network also relies on Jawa and spring technologies.
They used to deliver the platform to the masses with the help of Ruby on Rails.
However when those masses grow to be hundreds of millions of people it didn't really work out and they
switched their focus on the power of Java and Sprint platform.
In fact a vast majority of Fortune 500 companies rely on Jwala technologies and considering almost all
of these enterprises are running on a cloud.
What means with the Java technologies is really cloud offering of spring.
So as you can see spring has proven itself to be successful.
Each and every day by the largest enterprises around the world.
This is mainly because again the shifting focus in the cloud and this training we actually sneak peek
at how services interact as Microsoft rises.
When we ran two applications side by side and deployed Eureka's so of Netflix in the middle of so that
they can communicate easily with Netflix inclined in an environment like cloud in the upcoming weeks.
I'll be publishing my next course on cloud technologies and especially developing market services for
the cloud.
With spring technologies so you should definitely check that out when it's coming out and I'll be giving
you a generous discount.
Since you already taken this course.